CUDA: Use relaxed strides checking to compute contiguity (#6830)
numba/numba: docs/source/reference/envvars.rst

   Setting this variable to 1 also includes the values of arguments to Driver
   API calls in the logs.

.. envvar:: NUMBA_NPY_RELAXED_STRIDES_CHECKING

>    By default Numba device arrays compute their contiguity using relaxed strides

Reviewer: This will impact ROCm and anything else that inherits from `numba.misc.dummyarray.Array`? Perhaps:
```
By default arrays which inherit from `numba.misc.dummyarray.Array` (e.g. CUDA and ROCm device arrays) compute their...
```
?

   checking, which is the default mechanism used by NumPy since version 1.12
   (see `NPY_RELAXED_STRIDES_CHECKING

>    <https://numpy.org/doc/stable/release/1.8.0-notes.html?highlight=numpy%20sum#npy-relaxed-strides-checking>`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <https://numpy.org/doc/stable/release/1.8.0-notes.html#npy-relaxed-strides-checking>`_).
```

Author: Oops!

   Setting ``NUMBA_NPY_RELAXED_STRIDES_CHECKING=0`` reverts back to strict
   strides checking. This option should not normally be needed, but is provided

>    in case it is needed to workaround latent bugs related to strict strides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   in case it is needed to work around latent bugs related to strict strides
```

.. envvar:: NUMBA_NPY_RELAXED_STRIDES_CHECKING

>    By default arrays that inherit from ``numba.misc.dummyarray.Array` (e.g.

Reviewer: The number of backticks here doesn't add up?

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: thanks
